---
title: confusingbits - about
type: page 
---

##About me

![blogimg](images/rocketman.jpg)

Born, raised, and live in Mississippi. I love science, computers and
technology in general. I am an unabashed nerd. As a child, I was
often found dabbling with a chemistry set, performing experiments,
or constructing a fort in the woods.

I've dabbled with computers since a young age. My first computer was
a Tandy 1000sx. I remember playing around with BASIC, copying and
entering programs in by hand from books we had in the house. Or
making text rpgs with friends in Turbo Pascal.

I played the trumpet in the band in middle school and high school. I
was also heavily involved in a frontier historical society called
Frontier Camping Fellowship, as well as the Royal Rangers through my
church.

I am now heavily involved in gaming, in particular, I am community
leader/influencer for the rogue className in World of Warcraft. I
also help maintain a tool for the rogue community called
Shadowcraft. I am also a mod developer for Kerbal Space Program.

I have ongoing interests in a variety of topics like aerospace,
sustainability, vernacular architecture, physics, nanotechnology,
medicine, and nutrition.

##About work

![blogimg](images/salty.jpg) 

Professionally, I've worked in network/computer administration in
the Marine Corps while I was enlisted. I went on to study Physics at
the University of Southern Mississippi, where I have contributed to
published research on Metallic Nitride Fullerenes.

I now practice software development. In particular I have worked on
a variety of projects related to the games, World of Warcraft and
Kerbal Space Program. I publish and contribute to open source
projects mostly on GitHub.

I am currently employed as a Software Engineer at [Inizio](https://inizio.io/).

I specialize in full-stack, rapid cross-platform application development.

<!-- My [resume](resume) is available online. -->
